a cow is happily munching on a carrot in a lush green field.
a cow is playing with a sports ball on a bed in a sunny field.
a zebra is eating an apple while a handbag hangs from its neck.
a person is sitting on a chair and pedaling a bicycle in a park.
a fork is being used to take a freshly-baked pie out of the oven.
a baseball player is eating a banana while holding a baseball bat.
a herd of white sheep are grazing in a green meadow on a sunny day.
a person is sitting in a comfortable chair, eating a slice of pizza.
a bench sits in front of a stop sign, surrounded by a peaceful park.
a person stands on a boat, watching a bus drive away in the distance.
a person is sitting in a car, enjoying the scenery outside the window.
a crowded room of people all talking and texting on their cell phones.
a mouse is skiing down a snowy mountain, zig-zagging between the trees.
a mouse scurries across a train station platform as a train whizzes by.
a person is sitting on the toilet in a dimly lit bathroom, looking bored.
the ear has a cat.
the ear has a man.
the tire has a truck.
the head has the woman
the girl is in a shirt.
the finger has the hand
the phone is on the man
the window has the train
the horn has the giraffe
the jacket is in the man
the grass is on the dog.
the woman is on the hand
the wall is on the poster
the woman is on the shirt
the cloud is with the sky
the table is on the glass
the man is behind the tree
the ocean is in the surfer
the court is on the player
the woman is on the glasses
the chair is on the cushion
the skier is skiing on snow.
the grass is on the giraffe.
the grass is in the giraffe.
the grass is feeding a horse.
the woman is on the sunglasses
the cellphone is holding a man.
the kite is soaring in the sky.
the elephant is behind the tree
the surfboard is holding the man
the zebra's eye is on the zebra.
the controller is holding a man.
the chair is sitting in a woman.
the controller is holding the man
the tennis court line is on fire!
the bench is sitting on the woman
the train is built into the window
the building is on side of the wall
the surfboard is holding the person
the building is in front of the tree
The penguin was allergic to the cold.
the motorcycle is turning on a light.
the people are dancing on the street.
the street is parked on the motorcycle
a car and a cat, the car is larger than the cat.
a car and a cat, the car is larger than the cat.
a car and a dog, the car is bigger than the dog.
a cat and a chair, the cat is larger than the chair.
a chair and a car, the chair is bigger than the car.
a horse and a car, the horse is bigger than the car.
a horse and a car, the horse is bigger than the car.
a horse and a car, the horse is larger than the car.
a horse and a cat, the horse is smaller than the cat.
a dog and a chair, the dog is smaller than the chair.
a banana and a cat, the banana is bigger than the cat.
a person and a dog, the person is bigger than the dog.
a person and a dog, the person is bigger than the dog.
a horse which is bigger than a dog and larger than car.
a horse and a chair, the horse is larger than the chair.
a horse and a chair, the horse is bigger than the chair.
a horse which is smaller than a cat and bigger than car.
a car which is smaller than a chair and larger than cat.
a banana which is bigger than a car and smaller than cat.
a person which is bigger than a dog and smaller than car.
a horse which is bigger than a car and larger than banana.
a person and a horse, the person is bigger than the horse.
a cat which is bigger than a banana and larger than chair.
a person which is larger than a horse and bigger than car.
a cat and a airplane, the cat is larger than the airplane.
a person and a horse, the person is larger than the horse.
a horse and a person, the horse is bigger than the person.
a banana which is larger than a chair and bigger than dog.
a airplane and a cat, the airplane is larger than the cat.
a banana which is bigger than a chair and larger than car.
a airplane and a car, the airplane is bigger than the car.
a person which is smaller than a horse and bigger than cat.
a chair and a banana, the chair is smaller than the banana.
a car which is smaller than a dog and larger than airplane.
a chair which is larger than a car and smaller than banana.
a airplane which is bigger than a cat and smaller than car.
a horse and a person, the horse is smaller than the person.
a airplane and a cat, the airplane is smaller than the cat.
a banana which is smaller than a chair and larger than dog.
a banana and a chair, the banana is smaller than the chair.
a car which is smaller than a airplane and larger than dog.
a chair which is larger than a horse and bigger than person.
a banana and a person, the banana is larger than the person.
a banana which is smaller than a cat and larger than person.
a person and a banana, the person is smaller than the banana.
a airplane which is larger than a chair and smaller than dog.
a banana and a person, the banana is smaller than the person.
a dog which is larger than a airplane and smaller than banana.
a airplane and a horse, the airplane is larger than the horse.
a airplane and a horse, the airplane is bigger than the horse.
a horse and a airplane, the horse is smaller than the airplane.
a horse which is larger than a banana and bigger than airplane.
a airplane and a chair, the airplane is smaller than the chair.
a airplane which is bigger than a person and smaller than horse.
a car which is smaller than a chair and dog and bigger than cat.
a airplane and a banana, the airplane is bigger than the banana.
a banana which is smaller than a airplane and bigger than horse.
a sign written on it "cup!"
a sign written on it "fly!"
a sign written on it "bench"
a sign written on it "smash!"
a sign written on it "flush!"
a sign written on it "sleepy!"
a sign written on it "fast fun"
a sign written on it "crunchy!"
a sign written on it "batting!"
a sign written on it "sliding!"
a sign written on it "hot air".
a sign written on it "surf's up!"
a sign written on it "dirty sink"
a sign written on it "winter sport"
a sign written on it "rain shield".
a sign written on it "grizzly fur."
a sign written on it "snow gliding"
a sign written on it "seat outdoors"
a sign written on it "flock animals"
a sign written on it "tennis racket"
a sign written on it "hot air blast"
a sign written on it "spoon feeding."
a sign written on it "computer input"
a sign written on it "fly high kite!"
a sign written on it "crunchy orange"
a sign written on it "skiing is fun!"
a sign written on it "tastes delicious"
a sign written on it "interesting read"
a sign written on it "heat up quickly."
a sign written on it "fuzzy creatures."
a sign written on it "snowboard is fun."
a sign written on it "spoonful of sugar"
a sign written on it "comfy, cozy couch."
a sign written on it "portable computing"
a sign written on it "cooling food safely"
a sign written on it "mouse outwits bear."
a sign written on it "toilet and hot dog?"
a sign written on it "sharp, dangerous, tool"
a sign written on it "cuddling with a teddy."
a sign written on it "dogs love bananas too!"
a sign written on it "car sleeps, bed drives."
a sign written on it "handbag on a motorcycle!"
a sign written on it "wine and knives don't mix."
a sign written on it "sports ball must not sink!"
a sign written on it "spoon and toilet don't mix."
a sign written on it "pay for parking with laptop."
a sign written on it "bowls and cups hold liquids."
a sign written on it "sheep don't like microwaves!"
a sign written on it "giraffes eat sandwiches too!"
a sign written on it "bed and motorcycle don't mix."
a sign written on it "scissors beat traffic lights."
a sign written on it "scissors cut hot dogs easily."
a sign written on it "sleeping and throwing frisbee."
a sign written on it "sports ball in suitcase ready."
a sign written on it "bowl and baseball bat together."
a sign written on it "birds peck keyboards curiously."